iteration3_notes.md, before:

Create Facility objects from Multiple Data Sources:

 - Need to create DMVFacility objects from MULTIPLE data sources
    i.e Colorado, New York, Missouri
...but keeping the same FacilityFactory class?


- Right now  my FacilityFactory class has fixed data structure -  is data that is not, under normal circumstances, subject to change.
    - I need to find the opposite of fixed data structure

--> a data structure that will extract the data with a provided data set aka differnt dmvs in differnt states

- It will need to pass through the DMVFacility class for each state

I found Lambdas? Not sure if I quiet understand them but I want to try to use it...
- they store blocks of code that can be executed later

Test needed to use this -->

1. Handles Colorado Data - Given a Colorado dataset it correctly maps and creates facilities

2. Handles New York Data - Given a New York dataset it correctly maps and creates facilities

3. Handles Missouri Data - Given a Missouri dataset it correctly maps and creates facilities

4. Handles Empty Data - if an empty dataset is is given it should return an empty array

5. Handles Missing Feilds - if feilds given are not met it should not break the application and still spit back what feilds are met

How do I define lambda? used chagpt for this part

Mappers...
 --> is a function, object, or module that transforms data from one structure or format to another

    -Mappers are often used to convert raw data into a more usable or domain-specific format.

Ok good cause our data input is in an array/hash format... i think

I wan to use a lambda as a mapper

- Id need to define a variable in my code set to a hash using the word lambdas or -> 

- Ill have to create a mapper for each state that includes a hash

I would still need a facility object... but i would think because we have mulitple facilities now id need to define one for each?
- i should include the mappers in its correlating facility i would guess to make it easier for the FacilityFactory class to process and allows for more flexiblity in the future when adding more dmvs

I need to keep it 'exsists' test

1. I need to describe the colorado dmv
    - i need it to create DMV facility objects from the CO DMV data given 

    - and also asign the attributes correctly when ran 

2. I need to repeat the same process for each DMV to make sure they all function correctly

3. Handles Missing Feilds - if feilds given are not met it should not break the application and still spit back what feilds are met

--> I need to create a test that will return an empty aray if a data set it not given in my method .create_facilities()

--> I need to create a test that will allow the system to still function when not all the feilds within the hash are given within the data set 

I will need to rewrite the input in the attribute spaces so if the data is not given it will output nil or nothing or string possibly

--> to test this i should define a line of incomplet data given
--> call that imcomplete data within the .create_facilities(incomplete_data, @mo_mapper)
    -it needs to process this input and output facility objects still

--> now I would need to make sure the mapper will still set the feilds correclty even when given incomplete data
    -write expect statements for each attribute feild

Test complete...

Code to match test -->
first always check for erors constantly 

Key points noticed in test ill need to change in code

- I will need to add in the argument of a mapper it looks like it can be named anything it an object holding the lambdas? i think...

to impletment this i noticed a method being used in an example named .call it said it is used to invoke a lambdas object

i can use state_mapper as the lambdas object which would be the same format as the my co_mapper, ny_mapper, and mo_mapper because those will be the lambdas objects ill be sendinf through my code


- i would think my DMVFacility class would stay the same cause we want the output to be the same we just want to run differnt dmv data through this clas

Commit message:

Update code file with mapper objects and degugged code/tests

iteration3_notes.md, after:

Create Facility objects from Multiple Data Sources:

 - Need to create DMVFacility objects from MULTIPLE data sources
    i.e Colorado, New York, Missouri
...but keeping the same FacilityFactory class?


- Right now  my FacilityFactory class has fixed data structure -  is data that is not, under normal circumstances, subject to change.
    - I need to find the opposite of fixed data structure

--> a data structure that will extract the data with a provided data set aka differnt dmvs in differnt states

- It will need to pass through the DMVFacility class for each state

I found Lambdas? Not sure if I quiet understand them but I want to try to use it...
- they store blocks of code that can be executed later

Test needed to use this -->

1. Handles Colorado Data - Given a Colorado dataset it correctly maps and creates facilities

2. Handles New York Data - Given a New York dataset it correctly maps and creates facilities

3. Handles Missouri Data - Given a Missouri dataset it correctly maps and creates facilities

4. Handles Empty Data - if an empty dataset is is given it should return an empty array

5. Handles Missing Feilds - if feilds given are not met it should not break the application and still spit back what feilds are met

How do I define lambda? used chagpt for this part

Mappers...
 --> is a function, object, or module that transforms data from one structure or format to another

    -Mappers are often used to convert raw data into a more usable or domain-specific format.

Ok good cause our data input is in an array/hash format... i think

I wan to use a lambda as a mapper

- Id need to define a variable in my code set to a hash using the word lambdas or -> 

- Ill have to create a mapper for each state that includes a hash

I would still need a facility object... but i would think because we have mulitple facilities now id need to define one for each?
- i should include the mappers in its correlating facility i would guess to make it easier for the FacilityFactory class to process and allows for more flexiblity in the future when adding more dmvs

I need to keep it 'exsists' test

1. I need to describe the colorado dmv
    - i need it to create DMV facility objects from the CO DMV data given 

    - and also asign the attributes correctly when ran 

2. I need to repeat the same process for each DMV to make sure they all function correctly

3. Handles Missing Feilds - if feilds given are not met it should not break the application and still spit back what feilds are met

--> I need to create a test that will return an empty aray if a data set it not given in my method .create_facilities()

--> I need to create a test that will allow the system to still function when not all the feilds within the hash are given within the data set 

I will need to rewrite the input in the attribute spaces so if the data is not given it will output nil or nothing or string possibly

--> to test this i should define a line of incomplet data given
--> call that imcomplete data within the .create_facilities(incomplete_data, @mo_mapper)
    -it needs to process this input and output facility objects still

--> now I would need to make sure the mapper will still set the feilds correclty even when given incomplete data
    -write expect statements for each attribute feild

Test complete...

Code to match test -->
first always check for erors constantly 

Key points noticed in test ill need to change in code

- I will need to add in the argument of a mapper it looks like it can be named anything it an object holding the lambdas? i think...

to impletment this i noticed a method being used in an example named .call it said it is used to invoke a lambdas object

i can use state_mapper as the lambdas object which would be the same format as the my co_mapper, ny_mapper, and mo_mapper because those will be the lambdas objects ill be sendinf through my code


- i would think my DMVFacility class would stay the same cause we want the output to be the same we just want to run differnt dmv data through this class

- next it looks like i need to input each mapper in my code file which im just going to define them at the end of my code file to not sure if they should be put somewhere else

Errors

I need to impelement the response given in the code when data is missing 
--> I could use || so it knows if this data is missing print this
--> first ill try it in my test file if it does not pass ill do it in my code file as well

--> the address formaet I looked up 
the to_s.strip this makes sure the feild is converted into a string and then .strip removes any spaces
